# Creative Commons Education Certificate Overview

Designed to help skill up educators on the value, use, and implementation of Creative Commons (CC) and Open Educational Resources (OER) both for their personal development and for their community.

CC Certificate for Educators is aimed at formal education, both teachers and administration, who want to use, support and implement Creative Commons licensed materials in their work. This certificate is aimed to bring practical knowledge about CC and OER’s as well as empower certified educators and staffers to help their educational communities to become more open by using educational and advocacy tools.

At the end of training people who receive the certificate should be able to use effectively CC for educational purposes like: curate and create open educational resources for their needs, provide trainings about CC in education to advance CC usage in their communities, raise awareness and plan systematic changes towards openness in education by campaigns, open policies, educational projects.


Hopefully it is obvious this content below a placeholder! Text generated by [Sagan Ipsum](http://saganipsum.com/)


## Why Needed?

Vastness is bearable only through love as a patch of light. Cosmos, courage of our questions prime number. Rings of Uranus tingling of the spine! Kindling the energy hidden in matter corpus callosum the carbon in our apple pies, vastness is bearable only through love! The carbon in our apple pies, finite but unbounded, bits of moving fluff decipherment, stirred by starlight Hypatia, the ash of stellar alchemy. Kindling the energy hidden in matter star stuff harvesting star light the only home we've ever known science. Radio telescope not a sunrise but a galaxyrise, white dwarf?


## Who is this for?

A billion trillion. Dream of the mind's eye courage of our questions. Corpus callosum Flatland star stuff harvesting star light Drake Equation Hypatia how far away? 

Culture vastness is bearable only through love consciousness, cosmos intelligent beings the only home we've ever known. Quasar, the ash of stellar alchemy dream of the mind's eye a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena. A mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam! 

Astonishment bits of moving fluff! From which we spring globular star cluster, paroxysm of global death vastness is bearable only through love. Concept of the number one light years!


## What you skills and knowledge will you gain?

On completion of the certificate educators will be able to:

* Ship of the imagination.
* Across the centuries. 
* Encyclopaedia galactica gathered by gravity


## How does it work? What will I learn?


The carbon in our apple pies rich in mystery the ash of stellar alchemy Orion's sword a billion trillion, muse about. Prime number, encyclopaedia galactica. Astonishment vastness is bearable only through love vanquish the impossible shores of the cosmic ocean. Stirred by starlight, worldlets globular star cluster, cosmic fugue brain is the seed of intelligence Hypatia. A very small stage in a vast cosmic arena Tunguska event globular star cluster Hypatia. Shores of the cosmic ocean rings of Uranus, Drake Equation not a sunrise but a galaxyrise.

Birth, the sky calls to us tendrils of gossamer clouds quasar. Hearts of the stars, astonishment stirred by starlight, gathered by gravity citizens of distant epochs billions upon billions tendrils of gossamer clouds network of wormholes. Flatland a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena? Take root and flourish white dwarf circumnavigated brain is the seed of intelligence dispassionate extraterrestrial observer hundreds of thousands rogue rich in heavy atoms take root and flourish, great turbulent clouds, citizens of distant epochs Rig Veda prime number laws of physics descended from astronomers consciousness another world tendrils of gossamer clouds take root and flourish?


Learn more [about the delivery format and process](../details/index.md) or [explore the modules and units](../contents/index.md)





